It's easy to have FAITH everything is going to work out, when everything IS working out.
It's much harder to have faith when you are facing challenges in your life. But that is exactly when you need to apply your faith.
Because faith is believing in the unseen.
Faith is taking the first step.
Faith is jumping in the deep end and KNOWING everything will be OK.
It is easy to be positive when everything is working out It is much harder, much much harder when nothing is working out.
But that is when we need it the most.
EVERYTHING WORTH THE PRIZE!
IT IS WORTH THE FIGHT!
Everything worth the prize will require a real fight to achieve that prize.
If you want the prize you can't quit at half time. You can't quit mid season. You must play the whole game. Pre season, through the cold, through darkness, through the challenges, the opponents.
You will be knocked down but you MUST GET UP. KEEP FIGHTING. DIG DEEP and discover your true STRENGTH.
Then you will win the real prize:
CHARACTER, EXPANSION.
YOU rising to the next level
IF I SURVIVE THE STORM, I CAN OUTDO THE NORM.
TO BREAKTHROUGH THE NORM, I MUST FIRST SURIVE THE STORMS.
TO HAVE MORE THAN MOST – I MUST DO MORE THAN MOST. BELIEVE MORE THAN MOST. LEARN MORE THAN MOST. SACRIFICE MORE THAN MOST. BELIEVE MORE THAN MOST
Now, say to yourself:
LONG TERM, I know what I need will come my way.
LONG TERM, I know if I keep at it I will be rewarded
LONG TERM, I know consistency pays off
LONG TERM I know all my actions, all my discipline all my integrity will pay off in a big way.
I HAVE FAITH everything will work out. IN THE END all will be fine IF I KEEP WORKING. IF I KEEP LEARNING. IF I CONTINUE TO EVOLVE. IF I CONTINUE TO ADAPT. IF I LEARN NEW WAYS
Set backs are not always negative.
Sometimes they are sent to guide us in a much bigger and better direction
But you can only see that if you show character in those hard times. 
If you remain open minded in the hard times.
If you show strength through your struggles.
Don't say “Why me”.
Ask: “How can I come out of this stronger”
“What can I learn”
In the hard times we see who really has the character. 
In the hard times we see what people are really made of.
What are you made of?
Tell me, What are you made of?
CHARACTER, EXPANSION, GROWTH AND PRIDE!
CHARACTER, EXPANSION, GROWTH AND PRIDE!
DIG DEEP! 
Find that strength that lives inside you.
TRUST that if you keep doing your thing, you will be rewarded. 
It might not happen right away, it rarely does, but it will happen if you keep going.
Don't allow regret to enter your life.
Don't you dare look back on your life in 5 years and think “I could have done more”
“If only I stuck it out, I could have been in a much better position”
No. Look back with pride.
Look back and be able to say to yourself, “It was not easy, but I AM SO PROUD I stuck it out because I got my rewards”
Make sure your story is one of strength.
Make sure your story is one of someone who refused to give up. Refused to settle. Refused to be normal.
Keep going. Your future self is begging you.
When you have a dream, you have got to grab it and never let go
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says I am possible!
There is nothing impossible to they who will try
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you are the pilot
Life has got all those twists and turns. You have got to hold on tight and off you go
Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts
You define your own life. Don't let other people write your script
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream
The journey does not end
Spread love everywhere you go
Don't allow people to dim your shine because they are blinded. Tell them to put some sunglasses on
We can choose courage or we can choose comfort, but we can't have both
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light
Believe you can and you are halfway there
Find out who you are and be that person. That is what your soul was put on this earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth, and everything else will come.
Wake up determined, go to bed satisfied
I believe that if you just stand up and go, life will open up for you. Something just motivates you to keep moving
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence
A lot of people are afraid to say what they want. That is why they don't get what they want.
I will not let anyone scare me out of my full potential
If my mind can conceive it, if my heart can believe it, then I can achieve it
Where will you be a year from now? Will you be stuck in the same place?
Stuck in the same routine? Stuck in the same job that makes you miserable? Struggling to make ends meet?
Or will you be living the life of your dreams? Improved health?
Improved wealth?
Improved relationships?
Will you be LIVING more or EXISTING exactly as you are now?
Will you be living a life you are proud to call your own, or living the exact same life you are experiencing right now?
The answers to those questions are entirely up to you.
You have the power to create the life you want. You have the power to GROW. You have the power to change it all, or order “More of the same” It all starts with the choices you make today.
Life is a journey. Each day, we are presented with different choices to make and a range of opportunities that shape our path and determine our destination.
And while we can't control everything that happens to us, we CAN control how we respond to those challenges and opportunities.
If you want to create a better life, or a DIFFERENT LIFE for yourself, it is time to take control and start making different choices.
It is time to start setting MEANINGFUL goals and taking massive committed action to make those goals your reality.
You, like everyone else on this planet are absolutely capable of living a GREAT LIFE. You ARE CAPABLE of achieving GREAT THINGS but that will not happen if you FEAR FAILURE more than you DESIRE GROWTH.
It will not happen if you believe in the doubters more than you believe in YOURSELF. It will not happen unless you TAKE THAT FIRST STEP.
Ask yourself:
What do I want to achieve in the next year?
WHO do I want to become within the next year?
WHO do I HAVE TO BECOME in order to achieve the things I must achieve?
What do I really want?
Is it to advance in your career?
Start your own business?
Improve your relationships?
Travel the world, or simply improve your health and well-being?
Whatever it is, make whatever is IMPORTANT TO YOU a PRIORITY TO YOU.
When you know what is important, you will not have a problem taking action.So get quiet and write down what is important to you.
What do you really want from the next year?
Don't let another year pass you by without making progress towards the things you really want in your life.
The time is NOW. You have the power to create the life you want, and it starts with the choices you make TODAY.
It starts with an ABSOLUTE DECISION. Cut the crap. Man up and make that decision.
The decision to NOT SETTLE. The decision to be better than you have EVER BEFORE.
This is your chance to create your greatest ever year. Are you willing to commit to that?
Make the choice. Take control of your life.
It will not be easy. In fact – it will be hard. We might as well get real. You want something AMAZING – you have to pay the price for it.
If you want to be a Ferrari in life, you are going to have to pay significantly more than the guy who wants to be a Toyota.
If you want an amazing life, an amazing body, amazing health, relationships and bank account, you are going to have to work harder and sacrifice more than those who DON'T.
But the beauty of it all, is that life becomes easier for those willing to put in the work, and life becomes HARDER for those who consistently choose EASY.
There will be challenges and setbacks along the way. Don't let that hold you back. Keep pushing forward and never stop.
Never stop believing in yourself. Never stop believing in the process.
The journey will be long. It will be difficult and for that very reason it will be worth it in the end.
I want to hear from you now, where you are in life and where you want to be, and then I want to hear from you in one year from today. I want to see if you stuck to your commitment.
Where will you be a year from now? The choice is yours.
What do you do what do you do when the mountain seems too large when the weight of the world feels too heavy when the burden is too much to carry when the hole seems too deep to climb out?
What do you do when it all seems impossible?
You might be going through something right now it might be frustrating you might be working hard to change and not seeing any results
You may have tried ALMOST everything and NOTHING has worked
You can be frustrated but you can NOT QUIT Because quitting is the ONLY WAY TO GUARANTEE FAILURE. QUITTING IS THE ONLY WAY TO GUARANTEE THE SUFFERING STAYS.
No matter how you feel KEEP GOING.
When it seems unlikely when it seems impossible when it seems like there is NO WAY OUT I tell myself this: DAY BY DAY ONE DAY AT A TIME I WILL BE CLOSER. 
STEP BY STEP ONE STEP AT A TIME. I WILL BE CLOSER. 
CHOICE BY CHOICE ONE CHOICE AT A TIME I WILL BE BETTER.
If I look at the enormous mountains ahead I might never take that first step but if I take that first step and my focus is always on the next step and I continue to take those strong steps FORWARD Soon I will have gained so much strength and so much PROGRESS that I will have no choice but to finish my journey.
If I tackle my challenges DAY BY DAY and my focus is on IMPROVING EVERY DAY NOT by conquering EVERYTHING immediately, just improving every day
I WILL IMPROVE EVERY DAY!
With progress comes momentum and the two together, with CONSISTENCY makes CHANGE.
If my GOAL is to be closer to my destination EVERY DAY to be STRONGER EVERY DAY it will not be long until I see PROGRESS
and that progress will create confidence and STRENGTH to move FORWARD again.
I WILL BE STRONGER EVERY DAY! 
I WILL BE CLOSER EVERY DAY!
Don't give up!
GIVE YOURSELF ONE DAY!
ONE DAY OF COMMITMENT!
ONE DAY OF INTENTION!
ONE DAY OF FOCUS!
ONE DAY WHERE YOU LOVE YOURSELF ENOUGH TO MAKE POWERFUL CHOICES THAT WILL BENEFIT YOUR LIFE!
ONE DAY WHERE YOU CARE ENOUGH ABOUT YOUR LIFE TO STAND UP FOR WHAT REALLY MATTERS TO YOU!
ONE DAY WHERE YOU ARE STRONG ENOUGH TO SAY NO TO EVERYTHING THAT MAKES YOU FEEL LESS THAN THE POWERFUL FORCE YOU ARE!
ONE DAY. JUST ONE DAY!
CONQUER ONE DAY! Give yourself the gift of ONE DAY!
DAY BY DAY ONE DAY AT A TIME I WILL BE CLOSER.
STEP BY STEP ONE STEP AT A TIME I WILL BE CLOSER.
CHOICE BY CHOICE ONE CHOICE AT A TIME I WILL BE BETTER.
I WILL NOT QUIT!
I KNOW IT WILL BE HARD AND I KNOW IT WILL BE WORTH IT!
I KNOW I DESERVE IT!
I AM STRONG ENOUGH TO DO THIS!
No matter how low you feel you can get through this. Take it step by step one day at a time.
To hustle is like being a farmer. Work first so you can enjoy all the fruits with your loved ones later.
Today I will do what others will not, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can't.
The world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going.
The fruit of your own hard work is the sweetest.
What you don't sweat out when you are young will turn into tears when you are old.
Confidence comes not from always being right, but from not fearing to be wrong.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant. If we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
You may be the only person left who believes in you, but it is enough. It takes just one star to pierce a universe of darkness. Never give up.
Hard work is a prison sentence only if it does not have meaning. Once it does, it becomes the kind of thing that makes you grab your wife around the waist and dance a jig.
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.
Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.
Always be yourself and have faith in yourself. Don't go out and look for a successful personality and try to duplicate it.
This is the real secret of life – to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play.
Gold medals are not really made of gold. They are made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.
The difference between greed and ambition is a greedy person desires things he is not prepared to work for.
If you have a dream, Don't just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.
Obstacles can't stop you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all, other people can't stop you. Only you can stop you.
Great souls have wills, feeble ones have only wishes.
Habits are like cork or lead. They tend to keep you up or hold you down.
There is no job too immense, when you got confidence.
Some succeed because they are destined to, but most succeed because they are determined to.
When you have a lot of confidence and you feel like nobody can beat you, it is game over for everyone else.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
It is not about money or connections. It is the willingness to outwork and outlearn everyone when it comes to your business.
The hustle brings the dollar. The experience brings the knowledge. The persistence brings success.
When you live for a strong purpose, then hard work is not an option. It is a necessity.
There will be obstacles. There will be doubters. There will be mistakes. But with hard work, there are no limits.
You have been criticizing yourself for years, and it has not worked. Try approving of yourself and see what happens.
Enthusiasm is common. Endurance is rare.
I would rather risk wearing out than rusting out.
It takes determination to see a dream come to pass. The question is not will you start, but will you finish.
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
It does not matter how many times you fail. You only have to be right once and then everyone can tell you that you are an overnight success.
Believing that the dots will connect down the road will give you the confidence to follow your heart.
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight – it is the size of the fight in the dog.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
All excellence involves discipline and tenacity of purpose.
If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.
When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal, you Don't change your decision to get there.
The struggle you are in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow. Don't give up.
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.
Have confidence that if you have done a little thing well, you can do a bigger thing well too.
Habit is overcome by habit.
The only thing standing between you and outrageous success is continuous progress.
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal. Nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.
When someone tells me no, it does not mean I can't do it, it simply means I can't do it with them.
If people knew how hard I had to work to gain my mastery, it would not seem so wonderful at all.
Through hard work, perseverance and a faith in God, you can live your dreams.
I learned that if you want to make it bad enough, no matter how bad it is, you can make it.
Successful people have fear, successful people have doubts, and successful people have worries. They just Don't let these feelings stop them.
If you hear a voice within you say you can't paint, then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.
Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that is very important for good health.
Be humble. Be hungry. And always be the hardest worker in the room.
God gives every bird a worm, but he does not throw it into the nest.
Discipline automates habits which, in turn, determine your outcomes.
What you have to do and the way you have to do it is incredibly simple. Whether you are willing to do it, that is another matter.
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
The fight is won or lost far away from witnesses — behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.
Nothing can withstand the power of the human will if it is willing to stake its very existence to the extent of its purpose.
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.
Fortune sides with him who dares.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Go live a life worth living where, in the end, you will be able to say, “I am glad I did,” not “I wish I had.”
If we attack our problems with determination we shall succeed.
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.
Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.
There is only one way to succeed in anything, and that is to give it everything.
Some people want it to happen, some people wish it would happen, others make it happen.
Success is a little like wrestling a gorilla. You Don't quit when you are tired. You quit when the gorilla is tired.
Give the world the best you have, and the best will come to you.
If something is important enough, even if the odds are against you, you should still do it.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
All the so-called secrets of success will not work unless you do.
Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you Don't try.
When it comes to how we fare in the marathon of life, effort counts tremendously.
Courage starts with showing up and letting ourselves be seen.
To anyone that ever told you you are no good. They are no better.
You Don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing and falling over.
I know that if I fail I would not regret that, but I knew the one thing that I might regret is not trying.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves.
Inspiration is the windfall from hard work and focus. Muses are too unreliable to keep on the payroll.
Give your dreams all you have got and you will be amazed at the energy that comes out of you.
The question is not who is going to let me; it is who is going to stop me?
I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.
Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy.
Your purpose in life is to find your purpose and give your whole heart and soul to it.
I am a firm believer in if you work hard, you should play hard. So, I try to keep my life as balanced as possible to keep my sanity.
Though you can love what you Don'tmaster, you can't master what you Don't love.
I love the work, love the grind. I love what I have to go through to get what I want.
The best way to learn is by doing. The only way to build a strong work ethic is getting your hands dirty.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person’s determination.
Success is often achieved by those who Don't know that failure is inevitable.
At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually it will pay off. It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years. Eventually, your hard work will pay off.
I rather hustle for a year than risk being a slave forever.
No one ever climbed the ladder of success with his hands in his pockets.
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
Always expect to succeed, and never think you have succeeded.
I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.
Victory is sweetest when you’ve known defeat.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
You learn more from failure than from successes. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.
The best way to succeed in this world is to act on the advice you give to others.
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.
If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
The true success is the person who invented himself.
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity. They seem more afraid of life than death.
There is a powerful driving force inside every human being that, once unleashed, can make any vision, dream, or desire a reality.
Success can feather our nest so comfortably that we forget how to fly.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
If I can't do great things, I can do small things in a great way.
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
Success is most often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.
Success without God only makes temporary friends and admirers.
If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I’d spend six hours sharpening my ax.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal, it is the courage to continue that counts.
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don’t wish it were easier; wish you were better.
How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
You don’t have to be a genius or a visionary or even a college graduate to be successful. You just need a framework and a dream.
I can't give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure which is, Try to please everybody.
If you want to be successful, find out what the price is and then pay it.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Success consists of getting up just one more time than you fall.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you Don't stop.
When it is obvious that the goals can't be reached, don’t adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
Behind every successful man there’s a lot of unsuccessful years.
Tough times don’t last. Tough people do.
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.
Character can't be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
There are two types of people who will tell you that you can't make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
Success is not the absence of failure; it’s the persistence through failure.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Success is not built on success. It’s built on failure. It’s built on frustration. Sometimes it is built on catastrophe.
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit.
Follow effective actions with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.
If you have no critics you’ll likely have no success.
To be successful you need friends and to be very successful you need enemies.
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.
The men who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed.
Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness that any other.
Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday.
The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well.
Just don’t give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don’t think you can go wrong.
I can’t imagine a person becoming a success who doesn’t give this game of life everything he’s got.
Enjoy your sweat because hard work doesn’t guarantee success, but without it you don’t have a chance.
Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven’t planted.
Hard times don’t create heroes. It is during the hard times when the ‘hero’ within us is revealed.
Coming together is a beginning, keeping together is progress, working together is success.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it.
Stop chasing the money and start chasing the passion.
The people who succeed are irrationally passionate about something.
You’ve achieved success in your field when you don’t know whether what you’re doing is work or play.
Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down.
Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success.
Whenever you see a successful person, you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.
In one minute you can change your attitude and in that minute you can change your entire day.
You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity.
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.
If you work just for money, you’ll never make it, but if you love what you’re doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours.
The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost everything.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him.
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Don’t be distracted by criticism. Remember–the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you.
Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.
Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying.
You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.
The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows.
I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
I wonder how many times people give up just before a breakthrough – when they are on the very brink of success.
If you care about what you do and work hard at it, there isn't anything you can't do if you want to.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you know and start charging for it.
I don’t dwell on success. Maybe that’s one reason I’m successful.
If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time.
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.
At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.
A bad servant will not make a good master.
A good leader leads the people from above them. A great leader leads the people from within them.
True leadership stems from individuality that is honestly and sometimes imperfectly expressed. Leaders should strive for authenticity over perfection.
Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate, and doubt to offer a solution everybody can understand.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things.
Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
A person always doing his or her best becomes a natural leader, just by example.
I am not afraid of an army of lions led by a sheep; I am afraid of an army of sheep led by a lion.
I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people.
Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves.
A leader takes people where they want to go. A great leader takes people where they don’t necessarily want to go, but ought to be.
Leadership is a serving relationship that has the effect of facilitating human development.
Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate and doubt to offer a solution everybody can understand.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Be strong, but not rude; be kind, but not weak; be bold, but not a bully; be thoughtful, but not lazy; be humble, but not timid; be proud, but not arrogant; have humor, but without folly.
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
A leader has been defined as one who knows the way, goes the way and shows the way.
Becoming a leader is synonymous with becoming yourself. It is precisely that simple and it is also that difficult.
The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are born-that there is a genetic factor to leadership. That's nonsense; in fact, the opposite is true. Leaders are made rather than born.
The growth and development of people is the highest calling of leadership.
Leadership is something you earn, something you’re chosen for. You can’t come in yelling, ‘I’m your leader!’ If it happens, it’s because the other guys respect you.
Become the kind of leader that people would follow voluntarily; even if you had no title or position.
My own definition of leadership is this: The capacity and the will to rally men and women to a common purpose and the character which inspires confidence.
I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
You don't lead by pointing and telling people some place to go. You lead by going to that place and making a case.
The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes.
The very essence of leadership is that you have to have a vision. It's got to be a vision you articulate clearly and forcefully on every occasion. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet.
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.
A good objective of leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better.
The pessimist complains about the wind. The optimist expects it to change. The leader adjusts the sails.
A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit.
Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results, not attributes.
Great leaders are not defined by the absence of weakness, but rather by the presence of clear strengths.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love.
The loneliest place in the world is the human heart when love is absent.
Duty makes us do things well, but love makes us do them beautifully.
Love is not affectionate feeling, but a steady wish for the loved person’s ultimate good as far as it can be obtained.
First and foremost, self-love, and then give love away.
Jealousy, properly considered, is an essential element of true love: it is & an unceasing longing for the loved one’s welfare.
Love is service rather than sentiment.
Love is the outgoing of the entire nature in self-sacrificing service.
If you work at love, you will find love at work.
You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving.
Nothing will be intentionally lacking where there is love.
He who is not filled with love is necessarily small, withered, shrivelled in his outlook on life and things.
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
You always gain by giving love.
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.
To be brave is to love someone unconditionally, without expecting anything in return.
I love you” begins by I, but it ends up by you.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
You don't marry someone you can live with — you marry someone you cannot live without.
Walk with me through life…and I’ll have everything I’ll need for the journey.
You have replaced my nightmares with dreams, my worries with happiness, and my fears with love.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because the reality is finally better than your dreams.
To the world, you may be one person, but to one person you are the world.
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.
'Tis better to have loved and lost, than never to have loved at all.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
Two people in love, alone, isolated from the world, that’s beautiful.
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.
I think the perfection of love is that it's not perfect.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Love does not dominate; it cultivates.
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love.
To love or have loved, that is enough. Ask nothing further. There is no other pearl to be found in the dark folds of life.
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives.
To lose balance sometimes for love is part of living a balanced life.
No man ever prayed heartily without learning something.
The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free.
The main part of intellectual education is not the acquisition of facts, but learning how to make facts live.
The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.
If you think education is expensive, try estimating the cost of ignorance.
It is not that I’m so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere.
A man who asks is a fool for five minutes. A man who never asks is a fool for life.
I don't think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday.
Never let formal education get in the way of your learning.
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
The minute that you're not learning I believe you're dead.
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.
It is of practical value to learn to like yourself. Since you must spend so much time with yourself you might as well get some satisfaction out of the relationship.
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young.
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other
Neither comprehension nor learning can take place in an atmosphere of anxiety.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
Knowledge, which is acquired under compulsion, obtains no hold on the mind.
A teacher is one who makes himself progressively unnecessary.
Those who don't know history are doomed to repeat it.
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.
Change is the end result of all true learning.
I have been a teacher myself all my life. I have an intense passion to share with people. Our only salvation is in knowledge, in learning.
We now accept the fact that learning is a lifelong process of keeping abreast of change. And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn.
The learning and knowledge that we have, is, at the most, but little compared with that of which we are ignorant.
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
Some books leave us free and some books make us free.
Don’t just teach your children to read. Teach them to question what they read. Teach them to question everything.
Kids don't remember what you try to teach them. They remember what you are.
True teachers are those who use themselves as bridges over which they invite their students to cross; then, having facilitated their crossing, joyfully collapse, encouraging them to create their own.
Whoso neglects learning in his youth, loses the past and is dead for the future.
Study without desire spoils the memory, and it retains nothing that it takes in.
Instruction does much, but encouragement everything.
I don't love studying. I hate studying. I like learning. Learning is beautiful.
A man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding.
Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel.
The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.
One of the greatest and simplest tools for learning more and growing is doing more.
He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
There is no school equal to a decent home and no teacher equal to a virtuous parent.
Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.
Perfecting oneself is as much unlearning as it is learning.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest;
Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
You cannot open a book without learning something.
Learn as though you would never be able to master it; hold it as though you would be in fear of losing it.
The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing.
No problem can withstand the assault of sustained thinking.
Education without application is just entertainment.
For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.
Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.
Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.
Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.
Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.
Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.
I have learned all kinds of things from my many mistakes. The one thing I never learn is to stop making them.
The beautiful thing about learning is that nobody can take it away from you
One who has imagination without learning has wings without feet.
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.
Learning is not attained by chance. It must be sought for with ardor and attended with diligence.
If you haven’t learned the meaning of friendship, you haven’t learned anything.
Anyone who isn't embarrassed of who they were last year probably isn't learning enough.
Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.
In a time of drastic change it is the learners who inherit the future. The learned usually find themselves equipped to live in a world that no longer exists.
The one thing that I keep learning over and over again is that I don't know nothing. I mean, that's my life lesson.
And I believe that the best learning process of any kind of craft is just to look at the work of others.
Everybody who is incapable of learning has taken to teaching.
Every student can learn, just not on the same day, or the same way.
Scholastic learning and polemical divinity retarded the growth of all true knowledge.
Learning never exhausts the mind.
When a poet digs himself into a hole, he doesn't climb out. He digs deeper, enjoys the scenery, and comes out the other side enlightened.
Much learning does not teach understanding.
Wisdom comes not from age, but from education and learning.
That is what learning is. You suddenly understand something you've understood all your life, but in a new way.
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
Small minds have always lashed out at what they don't understand.
For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.
In learning you will teach, and in teaching you will learn.
While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.
Courage doesn’t happen when you have all the answers. It happens when you are ready to face the questions you have been avoiding your whole life.
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.
Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner possible.
If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you.
One of the reasons people stop learning is that they become less and less willing to risk failure.
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow.
The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you.
I am a woman in process. I'm just trying like everybody else. I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it. Life is never dull.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.
Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future.
Anything worth doing well is worth doing poorly at first.
Study the past if you would define the future.
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
